# Kolmogorov's Pet Snake
A write-up I did for the KULeuven Capture-The-Flag group. The assignment is from the 2015 PlaidCTF competition, in the misc category. Almost none of the groups who participated got this assignment (including ours). Someone from the team showed me the assignment and I immediately recognized it to be some sort of code golf wizardry puzzle. I'd read about the Pyth code golf language and the "Pet Snake" in the assignment name reminded me of it, as it's based on Python 3. As it turns out I was right, the assignment was a small program written in Pyth. 
It took me quite some hours to solve but I eventually got it: the program is a simple checker that returns whether the input the user gives is the flag. So solving the puzzle required decyphering the source code to see which string would be accepted. The checker works as follows: some "compression" of the input string is computed and checked against a value that is contained in the code. The problem with this value is that it's stored in the code as a base-126 number, which means that there are low-range ASCII characters in the code, which produces some weird glitches when printed in a terminal window...
I eventually found out that the Pyth interpreter can be run in a Python 3 REPL and a human-readable form of the AST can be printed for code that is loaded into it. I then used reverses of the operations performed on the input string to transform the "compressed" value back to a readable string, which was the answer.
The write-up is in kolmogorov-explanation.txt, the other 2 files are versions of the assignment (the one with the hash in the filename is the runnable one, the one with -decoded is the printable one).
